hello let me try to explain you the pops
up pops up is there is short for
publish/subscribe it's quite easy
concept so let me describe it first of
all it's goes both of the pops up is
just to share data of interests like the
many people have like they're interested
in something and they can publish
information connected to the topic or
like receive that information so look at
this picture here we have like five
different person who are like connected
to the central rotor which is routing
all the messages they are like
exchanging with each other and some of
them some of the person are subscribe to
green topic some of them to the red
topic and for example this person
creates a message with green topic and
sends to the rotor and the rotor sends
this message to all of their person
ports of subscribe and interested in the
green topic and those who are subscribed
to red topic are not receiving the green
message the next thing is like like this
is like the basic concept of stops pops
up then we can like scale it to the
network of different notes so we have
here and flying planning pops up
mechanism here's like two meshes of
point of interest
so first of all is green mesh where in
flooding all of them are connected to
each other and sends message directly to
each other and there is a also other
mesh
and soon person here who knows have like
are connected also to a green and
tourettes meshes and they receive
messages from all of those - like what
fighting is great for a resilience but
it is very inefficient for like
large-scale networks
[Applause]